docs: document the spy option (#153)
posva/vue-router-mock: README.md

NOTE: this might change to become automatic if the necessary `routes` are provided.

## Testing libraries

> By default, `vue-router-mock` will use [Sinon.js](https://sinonjs.org/), [Jest](https://jestjs.io/), or [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/) support to create and reset spies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vue Router Mock automatically detects if you are using [Sinon.js](https://sinonjs.org/), [Jest](https://jestjs.io/), or [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/) and use their _spying methods_. You can of course configure Vue Router Mock to use any spying library you want.
```

> You can also configure `vue-router-mock` to use any other testing library. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For example, if you use Vitest with `globals: false` 
> (see the documentation [here](https://vitest.dev/config/#globals)),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you use [Vitest with `globals: false`](https://vitest.dev/config/#globals),
```

> then you need to configure `vue-router-mock` to use `vi.fn()` as the spying function with the `spy` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then you need to manually configure the `spy` option and pass `vi.fn()` to it:
```

```ts
const router = createRouterMock({
  spy: {
    create: fn => vi.fn(fn),

>     reset: spy => spy.mockReset()
>   }
> });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    reset: spy => spy.mockReset(),
  },
})
```
